Orthogen, LLC Offers Quality, and Reliable Bone Grafting Materials 
Springfield, NJ -- ( SBWIRE ) -- 12/21/2017 -- Owing to their foundation in the field of academic research, Orthogen, LLC brings an eye and authority to the industry of dental bone grafting. Since their NYU days in 1992, their researchers and dental specialists have pioneered a number of successful and highly innovative bone grafting materials for dental implants , and funded clinical trials. Including its patented and unparalleled NanoGen and DentoGen products, Orthogen, LLC leads in the usage of biocompatible, biodegradable, and osteoconductive bone grafting materials. As they steer towards the winter of 2017-18, they reaffirm their mission to manufacture, study, and advance only the highest quality dental implant products. Orthogen, LLC has distinguished itself over three decades by being the best researcher and distributor of bone grafting and implant services. Dentists from around the world now rely on Orthogen, LLC for their expertise, scientific resources, and product line. Without fail, the company's patented NanoGen and DentoGen have been annually recognized as truly great, biocompatible, and versatile bone grafting materials. Composed of calcium sulfate, the two products allow doctors, orthodontists, and dentists to utilize the medical potential, and ease of nanocrystalline. NanoGen and DentoGen, by virtue of their chemical structure and the properties, prove to be ideal for grafting extraction sockets, infrabony defects, periodontal defects, etc. Being synthetic, they prevent against the transmission of infections or any oral diseases. Any dentists or prospective partners who want to learn more about the composition and the application of Orthogen, LLC's products can contact the biomedical team at 877-336-8643. About Orthogen, LLC Originally a division of BioLok International, which is now merged with BioHorizons, Orthogen, LLC was established in 2007 to develop and market next generation bone-grafting products for orthopedic and dental applications. To inquire about the company's products and technologies, please call 877-336-8643. Media Relations Contact
