Reed's, Inc. Announces Expiration of Oversubscribed Rights Offering December 20, 2017 09:00 ET | Source: Reed's Inc. LOS ANGELES, Dec. 20, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reed's Inc. (NYSE American:REED) ("Reed's" or the "Company"), owner of one of the nation's leading portfolios of handcrafted, all-natural beverages, announced today the expiration of the Company's rights offering (the "Offering") that was oversubscribed. The subscription period for its previously announced rights offering of units at a subscription price of $1.50 per unit, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and 1/2 of a warrant, expired on December 19, 2017, and these rights are no longer exercisable. Participants are expected to be reduced pro-rata to the total offering size of 9,333,333 units. Preliminary estimates indicate that the Company will be raising the full gross proceeds of $14.0 million in the Offering. The results of the oversubscribed Offering and Reed's estimates regarding the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering to be received by Reed's are subject to finalization and verification by its subscription agent. Reed's anticipates that the closing of the Offering will occur on or about December 22, 2017, subject to satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to closing. Upon the closing, the subscription agent will distribute, by way of direct registration in book­-entry form or through the facilities of DTC, as applicable, shares of its common stock and warrants to holders of rights who have validly exercised their rights and paid the subscription price in full. No physical stock or warrant certificates will be issued to such holders. 
The Subscription Agent for the offering is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company located at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004 or telephone (917) 262-2378. For questions about the rights offering or requests for copies of the prospectus, please contact Okapi Partners, LLC, the Information Agent for the rights offering, at (212) 297-0720 or (888) 785-6617 (TOLL FREE) or at info@okapipartners.com . Maxim Group LLC is acting as the dealer-manager in the offering. Questions about the rights offering may also be directed to Maxim Group LLC at 405 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10174, Attention Syndicate Department, or via email at syndicate@maximgrp.com or telephone at (212) 895-3745. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The rights offering is being made pursuant to Reed's effective registration statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-221059) on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on December 4, 2017 The registration statement is available on the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov . The rights offering is being made only by means of a written prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. Copies of the written prospectus for the rights offering may be obtained by contacting Okapi Partners, LLC, the Information Agent for the rights offering, at (212) 297-0720 or (888) 785-6617 (TOLL FREE) or at info@okapipartners.com . About Reed's, Inc. Established in 1989, Reed's has sold over 500 million bottles of its category leading all-natural, handcrafted beverages. Reed's is America's #1 selling Ginger Beer brand and has been the leader and innovator in the ginger beer category for decades. Virgil's is America's #1 selling independent, all-natural craft soda brand. The Reed's Inc. portfolio is sold in over 20,000 retail doors across the natural, specialty, grocery, drug, club and mass channels nationwide. Reed's Ginger Beers are unique to the category because of the proprietary process of hand brewing its award-winning products using fresh organic ginger combined with natural spices and fruit juices. Reed's Ginger Beers come in three levels of increasing ginger intensity that deliver a delicious and powerful ginger bite and burn that can only come from fresh ginger root. The Company uses this same handcrafted approach and dedication to the highest quality ingredients in its award-winning Virgil's line of great tasting, bold flavored craft sodas. For more information about Reed's, please visit the Company's website at: http://www.reedsinc.com or call 800-99-REEDS. Follow Reed's on Twitter at http://twitter.com/reedsgingerbrew Reed's Facebook Fan Page at https://www.facebook.com/reedsgingerbrew 
SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT Some portions of this press release, particularly those describing Reed's goals and strategies, contain "forward-looking statements." These forward-looking statements can generally be identified as such because the context of the statement will include words, such as "expects," "should," "believes," "anticipates" or words of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. While Reed's is working to achieve those goals and strategies, actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include difficulty in marketing its products and services, maintaining and protecting brand recognition, the need for significant capital, dependence on third party distributors, dependence on third party brewers, increasing costs of fuel and freight, protection of intellectual property, competition and other factors, any of which could have an adverse effect on the business plans of Reed's, its reputation in the industry or its expected financial return from operations and results of operations. In light of significant risks and uncertainties inherent in forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such statements should not be regarded as a representation by Reed's that they will achieve such forward-looking statements. For further details and a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, please see our most recent reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form S-1, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as they may be amended from time to time. Reed's undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. CONTACT:
