Denver, CO, Dec. 21, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FutureLand Corp. (OTC Pinks: FUTL), a leading provider of strategic real estate investment, grow facilities and material solutions to the medical and recreational global cannabis industry announces CEO letter to its shareholders;
Dear Shareholders of FutureLand Corp. (FUTL),
We here at FutureLand Corp would like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and a fantastic New Year!  We also want to update you on the company and let you know what to expect in 2018.
First, a focus on the industry:  The entire cannabis industry is very hot right now and is expected to surge even more with the legalization and new rollout of the entire California market, (recreational and medical).  FutureLand is currently looking at opportunities to enter that market.  It is only a matter of time before the Federal Government initiates a plan that de-schedules cannabis and increases its commerce to new heights.  No doubt, private prisons, Big pharma and Big tobacco, to name a few, are large reasons why this process has been stultified time and again.  Do not forget, these players are strong lobbyists, and the parties that control the flow of money do not want to see any of it diverted to other enterprises, especially those they do not control.  Being Federally illegal means that there is no easy way for "legitimate" enterprises like these to grab new or old market share without exposing their current ventures to massive and untenable risk.  That being said, as cannabis gains ground there begins to be a point of diminishing returns on old investments that are slipping, forcing a need to convert to the new game.  We believe that time is nearly upon us.  Many Americans are learning that various ailments they possess, and have some prescription for, can be better treated less expensively, with cannabis.  This means Billions of losses to Big Pharma, unless they can hand off the baton.  But even this is a costly pursuit as they have to spend a ton of money just to keep the clients they already have and stand to lose.  As the shift occurs, this means similar losses for the private prisons.  Big tobacco just wants in because it perfectly dove tails with what they already do, (medical benefits excluded).  However, this is all a good thing.  Great interest means great reform, and ultimately that means total integration.  And with that, us little guys stand to gain LARGE.
FutureLand made some key acquisitions over the last year.  We now own 51% of Amps Electric, Inc. which is a bonded FEMA approved general contractor, electrical contractor and solar supplier.  Power is a dynamic factor in the space and we believe this is very good strategic move for the company.  Gross revenues for 2017 look to be above 7 Million dollars with so much opportunity for growth.  We expect this to be a winner for the company in the coming years.
Additionally, the company owns 50% of 78 acres in Grants Pass, Oregon with partner Hspendleton, llc.  We also own 50% of 265 acres in Wolf's Creek, Oregon.  Both parcels are zoned for cultivation of cannabis.  The company also contracted to purchase from John C. Miller 50% of a Tier 2 Outdoor Grow license (Groovy Groves, LLC).  The transfer of ownership to FutureLand Oregon, LLC is nearly complete and the company is only waiting for approval from the state.  Groovy Groves, LLC harvested nearly 400 pounds last month and are currently drying, curing, trimming and testing the material so it can be sold.  The plan is to continue the development of the 78 acres and apply for a second license on that property.  The current Tier 2 Outdoor license located on the 265 acres we would like to change to a hybrid Tier 2 with 5,000 square feet of indoor and 20,000 outdoor so that we can have year-round harvests.  This, along with a few other tweeks, should enable us to grow the business by ten-fold in 2018.  If all goes according to plan, we will likely get a complete indoor Tier 2 license in the following year.
FutureLand Corp. aligned with GreenLeaf Holdings, LLC in several ventures as well in 2017.  The company brings knowledge, expertise and funding sources to the company that are a great benefit for our future success.  Maury Winnick, one of the principals of GreenLeaf, formerly CEO of MCIG subsidiary VitaCig (MCIG), now sits on our board of Advisors along with newcomer Don "Dusty" Lashbrook who has an extensive banking background.  In addition to Amps Electric Inc, GreenLeaf Holdings brought PLHS (Peace Love & Hippie Stuff) Life, LLC to the company.  Currently FutureLand Corp. owns 32% of the company.  The company deals in the legal cannabis market with, various name brands like MollyJane, Kannamate, Luniz Lube and CannaKoffee, to CBD and Kratum products.  Michelle Kelley is the face of the company and has many excellent ideas to disrupt the marketplace.  We look forward to seeing what she can do with FutureLand and GreenLeaf support.
The company also owns 240 Acres in Huerfano County, Colorado which was originally being set up to lease to cannabis growers.  Over the last couple years, we have struggled to attain water rights, as well as other issues like moratoriums and homeowner association concerns which have come up.  Because of ongoing concerns, the company made a decision to focus on Oregon first where none of these things were a problem.  Additionally, Oregon had no residency requirement which made it much simpler for us to execute a plan to grow, which was ultimately our goal with the Colorado land.  There has been much talk about Colorado lifting the residency requirement, but until that happens we will probably take a wait and hold position here.  The property has good up in value substantially since its purchase.
FutureLand Corp bought 20% of Apotheca Biosciences, LLC, a cannabinoid pharma company that is poised to breakout, from CB Scientific (CBSC) earlier this year.  Apotheca is currently talking with another public company who has expressed an interest to buy them out early next year.  If this happens, our position in the company could be substantial.
FutureLand Corp. also acquired Bitcoin Labs, LLC from FutureWorld Corp. (FWDG).  The company is exploring a blockchain raise with its own cryptocurrency (LandCoin) to enable the company to make numerous key acquisitions that have already been lined up during this last year.  This is likely to take number months to put together, but the timing could not be better given investors' enthusiasm toward crypto.  Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash to name a few are blowing up expectations.
The company has also initiated letters of intent to purchase other companies that are still pending mutual agreement in order to move forward.  When we achieve an agreement, we will make sure you are the first ones to know.
To summarize, we have had an amazing year in respect to our business growth and revenue, but we have had our challenges also such as share depreciation; unrelated to our business prospect and overall business growth. In 2018, we expect to overcome previous challenges and expand on our successes to validate our business model and increase shareholder value.
About FutureLand Corp.
FutureLand Corp., a Colorado company, is a cannabis and hemp specialty zoned land leasing company formed to capitalize upon the emerging global cannabis market. FutureLand, focuses on target acquisition, zoning, license fulfillment, site plan preparation and financing of cannabis or hemp grow facilities throughout the United States. We give growers the opportunity to grow. We monetize through leasing the land, leasing the structures on the land, financing interest revenue and management fees associated with cultivation centers. FutureLand retains ownership of all the land and the structures. FutureLand leases to both medical marijuana, retail marijuana as well as industrial hemp growers. FutureLand does not currently grow, distribute or sell marijuana. To request further information about FutureLand, please email us at [email protected] , log onto our website at http://www.futurelandcorp.com, or visit us on FB @ futurelandcorp and Twitter @futurelandcorp.
Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
This press release may contain forward-looking statements covered within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements relate to, among other things, plans and timing for the introduction or enhancement of our services and products, statements about future market conditions, supply and demand conditions, and other expectations, intentions and plans contained in this press release that are not historical fact and involve risks and uncertainties. Our expectations regarding future revenues depend upon our ability to develop and supply products and services that we may not produce today and that meet defined specifications. When used in this press release, the words "plan," "expect," "believe," and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current expectations. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, changes in technology and changes in pervasive markets. This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 27E of the Securities Act of 1934. Statements contained in this release that are not historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. Actual performance and results may differ materially from that projected or suggested herein due to certain risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, ability to obtain financing and regulatory and shareholder approval for anticipated actions.



Contact: Media Contact FutureLand Corp. http://www.futurelandcorp.com [email protected] [email protected] (720) 370-3554 Twitter - @futurelandcorp Facebook - futurelandcorp
