PRINCETON, N.J., Dec. 22, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Equinox Funds ("Equinox"), an innovator in alternative investments, is pleased to announce that the Equinox Chesapeake Strategy Fund (the "Fund") has surpassed $100 million in assets. The Fund (NASDAQ:ECHAX) (NASDAQ:ECHCX) (NASDAQ:EQCHX) underwent major structural and fee changes earlier this year, as shareholders approved a new fee arrangement in which the Fund would be sub-advised by Chesapeake Capital Corporation ("Chesapeake"), who would no longer be compensated by way of a performance-based incentive fee.
The #1 performing Equinox Chesapeake Strategy Fund (Class I, EQCHX), received an overall Morningstar rating of 5-stars in the managed futures category, a 4-star rating out of 96 funds, and a 5-star rating and #1 ranking out of 54 funds, based on overall, three, and five-year risk-adjusted returns, respectively as of 9/30/2017.
The Fund's principal investment strategy is to obtain exposure to the classic and disciplined long-term trend-following managed futures trading program of Chesapeake Capital Corporation, a Commodity Trading Advisor founded in 1988 by Jerry Parker. Mr. Parker is perhaps the most successful of the original "Turtle Traders" trained by Richard Dennis and Bill Eckhardt during the 1980's.
President and CEO of Equinox Funds, Robert Enck, said "Reaching $100 million in assets is an important milestone, as it represents a threshold at which we can initiate meaningful platform discussions that will allow us to broaden the availability of the Fund. We feel that we have barely scratched the surface in terms of this Fund's potential to help investors build more diversified investment portfolios."
Equinox Funds offers investor-friendly alternative strategies designed to potentially reduce risk and enhance the returns of an overall portfolio. Founded in 2003, Equinox Funds has progressed from a specialist in multi-strategy managed futures investing to a comprehensive alternative investment provider. Through a collaborative research based culture, our mission is to bring the potential benefits of alternatives to institutions and individuals through a diverse lineup of investment strategies and solutions.
For additional inquiries, please email: info@equinoxllc.com
Investments in Mutual Funds involve risk including the possible loss of principal. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective.
Investors should carefully consider the investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses of the Equinox Chesapeake Strategy Fund. This and other important information is contained in the Funds Prospectus, which can be obtained by calling 1-888-643-3431. The Prospectus should be read carefully before investing.
Long-term trend is a strategy that uses long-term indicators and averages, general five months or longer.
A Trend-Following Strategy seeks to capitalize on momentum or price trends across global asset classes by taking either long or short positions as a trend is underway. Price trends are created when investors are slow to act on new information or sell prematurely and hold on to losing investments to long. Price trends continue when investors continue to buy and investment that is going up in price or sell an investment that is going down in price.
*Data Source: Morningstar™, 10/17. Morningstar™ category average and rankings are based on average total returns of all mutual funds in their category and do not take into account sales charges. The performance data Quote: d here represents past performance. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data Quote: d above. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate, so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Rankings and ratings are only one form of performance measurement. For current performance information, please call toll free 877.837.0600 or visit www.equinoxfunds.com.
The Morningstar Rating TM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The Morningstar Rating does not include any adjustment for sales loads. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Equinox Chesapeake Strategy Fund is distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC.
Equinox Funds and Chesapeake Capital Corporation are not affiliated with Northern Lights Distributors, LLC.
Photos accompanying this announcement are available at
http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/efba315e-c7e1-459e-a11f-7939af46d7ce
http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/1953bd26-514d-4aa5-a334-c50e942ab1cf
Primary Logo
