WILMINGTON, Del. , Oct. 5, The Siegfried Group, LLP (Siegfried) recently convened a group of its newest professionals at the Hotel Palomar in Chicago, IL for Orientation.
Siegfried's Orientation program introduces the Firm's extraordinary culture, compelling business strategy, and interesting and challenging work to its newest professionals. During the multi-day event, new employees learn more about the company, meet members of Siegfried's Leadership and Operations teams, and become acquainted with their new colleagues.
Siegfried Welcomes New Professionals at Orientation Hosted in Chicago Notably, all new employees have the opportunity to meet with Rob Siegfried , CEO and Founder, about Siegfried's higher purpose: We help People transform themselves into better Leaders to exponentially improve their Lives. "During your career you've gained a lot of knowledge, and as a result, you've joined our Firm. And we appreciate you for that," said Siegfried.
Siegfried is pleased to welcome all of our talented new Professionals to the Firm!
Rebecca Barto joins the Philadelphia Metro Market as a Senior Associate. She brings an exacting and logical style of critical thinking to achieve a balance between efficiency and integrity. Barto attended Rowan University , where she earned her Bachelor of Science in accounting and finance. Before this, she was at Baker Tilly, where she focused on the financial services and insurance industries in the New York Metro area.
Wes Bazelais joins the Philadelphia Metro Market as a Senior Associate after spending four busy seasons with PwC, where he worked on a large chemical company audit. Bazelais, a dedicated and compassionate professional, earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting from Delaware State University .
Jeremy Berkus joins the Los Angeles Market as a Senior Associate. He takes pride in his leadership qualities and works to improve efficiency in team environments. Berkus attended the University of California, Santa Barbara , where he earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Economics with an emphasis in accounting. Before coming to the Firm, Berkus gained three years of audit and two years of transaction advisory service experience at BDO.
Kayleigh Bosco , CPA, joins the Atlanta Market as an Associate Manager after spending the last seven years working in the insurance and banking industries, most recently at Fiserv, Inc. She earned her Bachelor of Science in accounting and her master's degree in business administration from LaSalle University . Bosco's astute attention to detail allows her to offer precise solutions to complex matters and deliver polished results that continually exceed expectations.
Bridget Curran , CPA, joins the D.C. Metro Market as a Senior Associate. Curran's steadfast commitment and attention to detail for any task enable her to build credibility and help her teams achieve a shared goal. She earned her Bachelor of Business Administration in accountancy from the University of Notre Dame and was most recently at EY as a Senior Associate.
Chris Fallon , CPA , joins the Chicago Market as a Senior Associate. Fallon's strategic and analytical approach to problem solving helps him tackle diverse and challenging projects. He comes to Siegfried from BDO, where he gained audit and tax experience after earning his Bachelor of Science in accounting from the University of Iowa and his master's in accounting from the University of Notre Dame .
Aman Gill joins the Philadelphia Metro Market as a Senior Associate after spending the last three years working for BDO as an auditor. After earning his Bachelor of Science in accounting from Drexel University , Gill returned to complete his master's degree. As someone who relentlessly works hard to accomplish the task at hand, Gill manages even the most complex issues with a combination of precise planning and great attention to detail.
Nikole Goddard joins Siegfried's Operations team as a National Recruiting Associate. Goddard brings her energetic personality and strong communication skills to the team. She earned her bachelor's degree in agribusiness economics from the University of Florida and is currently working towards an MBA in human resource management from Goldey Beacom College . Most recently, she was at Xelerate, LLC where she was a Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant and acted as a strategic talent advisor for her clients.
Noelle Harper joins the D.C. Metro Market as a Senior Manager after spending the last nine years managing financial reporting at Washington Gas. After earning her Bachelor of Science in accounting from North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University , she started her career as an auditor at Arthur Andersen, subsequently acquired by Ernst & Young. Harper's naturally outgoing personality and strong emotional intelligence allows her to easily assimilate into any environment.
Tim Henderson , CPA, CA , joins the Los Angeles Market as an Associate Manager after spending six years working in audit for KPMG in Vancouver and in Calgary and Prague . Henderson enjoys working in a dynamic and collaborative environment, and attended the University of British Columbia , where he earned a degree in psychology.
Chris Herber joins the San Francisco Market as an Associate Manager. A professional with a wide variety of experiences, Herber has the ability to connect with individuals in different situations. He earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting and international business from the University of Denver and was most recently a Senior Consultant III at Agility Solutions, LLC.
Andrew Ho , CPA, CA , joins the Philadelphia Metro Market as a Senior Associate. He strives to continually broaden his horizons and embraces opportunities to learning. Ho earned his Bachelor of Business Administration in accounting from the University of Toronto . Most recently he was at KPMG, where he gained three years of audit experience as a Senior Accountant.
Drew McGillowey , CPA , joins the Boston Market as a Senior Associate. With the ability to drive innovation and motivate his team, McGillowey is an essential resource in the workplace. He earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting from the Isenberg School of Business at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , and was most recently at Deloitte, where he gained four years of experience.
Ken McHugh joins the Philadelphia Metro Market as a Senior Associate. McHugh is a motivated professional who possesses the unique ability to remain enthusiastic and driven in the face of challenges. He earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with concentrations in both accounting and finance at Shippensburg University . Most recently, he was at BDO as an Audit Senior Associate.
Roxanne Meyer joins the South Florida Market as a Senior Associate. As someone who brings a strong work ethic, positive attitude, and desire to learn and do things the right way on all her clients, Meyer strives to overcome even the most formidable obstacles with a combination of mental agility and innovation. She earned her Bachelor of Science and master's degree in accounting from the University of Miami , and most recently was an Audit Senior at Deloitte.
Maria Navarro , CPA , joins the Charlotte Market as a Manager. Navarro likes to be productive and focuses on adding value wherever possible. She earned her bachelor's degree in both accounting and finance from of the University of South Carolina and most recently was the Manager of General Accounting at Dollar Express, LLC.
Jordan Payne , CPA, CA , joins the Houston Market as a Senior Associate. Payne's focus on results allows him to drive his team to meet their goals in an effective and timely manner. He earned his Bachelor of Business Administration at Camosun College in British Columbia , and was most recently a Senior Accountant at EY.
Spencer Sandy joins the Philadelphia Metro Market as a Senior Associate. A creative thinker who excels in reinventing, he earned his Bachelor of Science and Master of Accountancy from Pennsylvania State University . Most recently, Sandy was an Assurance Senior at EY.
Rushabh Shah , CPA , joins the Boston Market as an Associate Manager. Shah enjoys coming up with innovative solutions to any problem and looks forward to new challenges. He earned his bachelor's degree from Boston University and his master's degree from Northeastern University . Before coming to the Firm, Shah gained almost six years of audit experience at PwC.
Amol Shenoy joins the Los Angeles Market as a Senior Associate. An enthusiastic professional, Shenoy prides himself on his ability to adapt to new environments and maintain a positive attitude. He earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting from the University of Southern California and most recently served as an External Audit Associate at Deloitte.
Vince Taddeo joins the Cleveland Market as a Senior Associate after spending the first two years of his career as an auditor for EY and the next two years in business development at a financial services firm. He earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting and finance and his master's degree from Baldwin Wallace University. Taddeo embodies what it means to go above and beyond, using a meticulous approach and tireless work ethic to routinely exceed high expectations.
Sam Vela joins the Chicago Market as a Senior Associate. Vela continually brings a positive attitude and commits herself to providing high-quality client service. She earned her Bachelor of Science in accounting and finance from DePaul University and was previously an Audit Senior at Deloitte.
James Wheeler , CPA , joins the Boston Market as a Senior Associate after spending three years with Wolf and Company and BDO. Charismatic and energetic, he earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in accounting and his master's in accountancy from the University of New Hampshire .
More information about Siegfried and its career opportunities is available at siegfriedgroup.com .
About The Siegfried Group, LLP
The Siegfried Group, LLP (Siegfried) works alongside financial executives across the nation, on their most important accounting and finance projects. Filled with an innovative spirit and led by an ambitious entrepreneur, Siegfried provides unique Leadership Advisory combined with high potential talent. At the heart of our Firm is our approach to individual leadership and the continual pursuit of helping people grow both personally and professionally. As a whole, we value having fun, being fair, and building and sharing stakeholder value.
SOURCE The Siegfried Group, LLP
Related Links
http://www.siegfriedgroup.com
