ATLANTA, Dec. 21, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vacation Express, a tour operator known for their exclusive, non-stop flights and affordable all-inclusive vacation packages, is bringing non-stop service to Cozumel and returning non-stop service to Grand Bahama Island from Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG). The Swift Air, LLC. flights are four-night rotations departing various days of the week throughout the spring and summer of 2018.
Vacation Express announces new flights to the Caribbean from Cincinnati 

The departure dates include:
Cozumel: [5/24-8/23]  
Grand Bahama Island: [5/30-8/18]
"The addition of Cozumel, Mexico and return of Grand Bahama Island to Vacation Express' existing service to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic; Montego Bay, Jamaica and Cancun, Mexico provides CVG passengers the most nonstop flight options in the Vacation Express network," said Candace McGraw, chief executive officer, CVG. "We're pleased that local travelers now have the opportunity to travel with Vacation Express to five different exotic destinations."
Kevin Hernandez, VP Marketing and Sales at Vacation Express said, "We are excited about adding these additional flights from CVG and to return with our Grand Bahama Island program, and we know Cozumel will become a popular destination for us this summer. We have had requests from many passengers and travel agents looking for great deals on quick and easy 4-night packages with non-stop flights to exciting destinations and we are here to deliver."
The flights to Grand Bahama Island and Cozumel will be operated by Swift Air, LLC. on a Boeing 737-300 aircraft with early departures and late returns for an optimal vacation experience. Plus, travelers returning from Grand Bahama Island will be pre-cleared eliminating the need to navigate Customs and Immigration upon arrival in the U.S. For additional information, please visit VACATIONEXPRESS.com or speak with a local travel agent.
About Vacation Express: 
Based in Atlanta, Vacation Express, part of Sunwing Travel Group, is a tour operator specializing in quality, affordable vacation packages to over 30 destinations in the Caribbean, Mexico and Costa Rica. Now in business for over 25 years, Vacation Express is one of the country's largest and most trusted tour operators. Travelers looking for the most affordable, all-inclusive vacations may book Vacation Express' exclusive, non-stop packages through their travel agent, directly by phone seven days a week at 1-800-309-4717 or online at VACATIONEXPRESS.com. Exclusive charter flights are operated by Sunwing Airlines, Allegiant Air, Frontier, Swift Air, LLC., VivaAerobus, Miami Air International and Volaris.  See operator/participant agreement for details.
Additional Notes: Small service fee of $10 applies when booking through Vacation Express Call Center. For full terms and conditions, hotel and description of all services, please refer to the Vacation Express 2018 Brochure, www.vacationexpress.com or call 1.800.309.4717. Vacation Express now accepts debit cards that offer the same consumer protection as credit cards. See operator/participant agreement for details. Public charter flights are operated by Sunwing Airlines, Allegiant Air, Frontier, Swift Air, LLC., VivaAerobus, Miami Air International and Volaris. All flights subject to DOT approval. Packages are limited and subject to change without prior notice. Airfares are per person, reflect lowest available airfare at time of printing, are subject to change and based upon availability of class of service. Not responsible for errors or omissions. Registered Florida seller of travel no. St 38441. State of California Seller of Travel Certificate of Registration #2107538-40.
A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/2c626149-f291-490e-8faa-4c679c8b60b0 
Facebook:  www.facebook.com/vacationexpress 
Twitter:  www.twitter.com/vacationexpress 
Instagram:  www.instagram.com/vacationexpress 
MEDIA CONTACT
Pamela Caltabiano | Public Relations Manager
[email protected] | 800.309.4717 x3098   
Mindy Kershner | CVG Airport
[email protected] | 859.206.1057
