With 22 years of passionate experience nationwide, along with the best industry-leading technical resources, ITC Telecom is a highly specialized business phone system provider (hosted and managed SIP/VoIP), focused on serving companies with 100 to 1,000+ users/agents and highly complex calling needs, who value a true partnership approach and an exceptionally high level of personalized service and support from a rockstar team of dedicated professionals.
DENVER (PRWEB) March 15, 2018
ITC Telecom Technology, LLC , a leading nationwide Cloud & Managed Services Provider (MSP), who strategically specializes in deploying the highly advanced Zultys IP-PBX Business Phone Systems, recently announced that Colorado Native, Brannan Johnson , has joined the company as an Equity Partner and National Vice President of Business Development.
In this new executive role, Johnson will focus on working with mid-market enterprises, to enable their business to be more efficient and profitable from a telecom and technology standpoint, specifically relating to their business phone system(s). ITC specializes in helping local and national companies, generally with 100 – 1,000+ employees and multiple locations, to design, implement and support their Zultys Voice-over-IP (VoIP) Unified Communications (UC) platform, with unique premise, cloud managed, virtualized, and hybrid deployment models.
Prior to joining ITC, Johnson enjoyed a highly successful 20+ year career with vast experience in many verticals of technology, along with multiple business development roles. Johnson also has an interesting background full of honors, including being a World Champion athlete , a World Record pilot, an Eagle Scout, and more. Johnson will work directly with ITC Co-Founder & Managing Partner, Braun Mincher , who started in the telecom business in 1996, shortly after receiving the Ernst & Young / Inc. Magazine "Entrepreneur of the Year" Award. Over the past 6 years they have been friends in aviation and have worked with dozens of clienteles in parallel. According to Mincher, "The fit with Brannan was natural since we share the same vision for what a service-oriented telecom provider should look like." Mincher went on to say, "As an equity partner, this was a long-term commitment on both sides and we look forward to having Brannan as a valued member of the ITC team serving our valued clients for many years to come."
Johnson also commented, "I was impressed with Braun and the whole ITC team from day one. When I previously referred clients to ITC for telecom services, it was immediately evident that they have a genuine concern for their best interests, and an incredible passion for the telecom industry. This is the place I am excited to be, and I am looking forward to being an integral part of such a professional team for many years." Johnson brings with him a wealth of experience working with clients in industries that include Business Operations, Testing, R&D, Leadership, Technology, Construction, Property, Software, Retail, Intellectual Property, Administrative, Artificial Intelligence, Transportation, Food and Beverage, Human Resources, Healthcare, Legal, and more.
About ITC Telecom Technology, LLC :
The highly experienced team at ITC Telecom Technology, LLC is uncompromising in their passion for being the absolute best at supporting their clients on the award-winning Zultys IP-PBX platform, balanced equally by their disciplined commitment to controlled growth and being a great place to work. Over the past 22 years, ITC and its affiliates have been strategically involved with over 1,000 successful phone system deployments nationwide, and the company is continuing to grow into new markets. With a nationwide presence, ITC is headquartered in Colorado and remains privately held, debt free and profitable. For additional information, please email sales(at)itctechnology(dot)com or call (877) 4-ZULTYS.
 //www.prweb.com/releases/2018/03/prweb15319230.htm
