First Trust Advisors L.P., the Funds' investment advisor, along with its affiliate, First Trust Portfolios L.P., are privately-held companies which provide a variety of investment services, including asset management and financial advisory services, with collective assets under management or supervision of approximately $117 billion as of November 30, 2017 through unit investment trusts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, mutual funds and separate managed accounts. You should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of a Fund before investing. Prospectuses for the Funds contain this and other important information and are available free of charge by calling toll-free at 1-800-621-1675 or visiting www.ftportfolios.com . A prospectus should be read carefully before investing. Past performance is no assurance of future results. Investment return and market value of an investment in a Fund will fluctuate. Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Principal Risk Factors: A Fund's shares will change in value, and you could lose money by investing in a Fund. An investment in a Fund is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. There can be no assurance that a Fund's investment objectives will be achieved. An investment in a Fund involves risks similar to those of investing in any portfolio of equity securities traded on exchanges. The risks of investing in each Fund are spelled out in its prospectus, shareholder report, and other regulatory filings. An Index ETF seeks investment results that correspond generally to the price and yield of an index. You should anticipate that the value of an Index Fund's shares will decline, more or less, in correlation with any decline in the value of the index. An Index Fund's return may not match the return of the index. Unlike a Fund, the indices do not actually hold a portfolio of securities and therefore do not incur the expenses incurred by a Fund. Investors buying or selling Fund shares on the secondary market may incur customary brokerage commissions. Investors who sell Fund shares may receive less than the share's net asset value. Shares may be sold throughout the day on the exchange through any brokerage account. However, unlike mutual funds, shares may only be redeemed directly from a Fund by authorized participants, in very large creation/redemption units. If a Fund's authorized participants are unable to proceed with creation/redemption orders and no other authorized participant is able to step forward to create or redeem, Fund shares may trade at a discount to a Fund's net asset value and possibly face delisting. One of the principal risks of investing in a Fund is market risk. Market risk is the risk that a particular security owned by a Fund, Fund shares or securities in general may fall in value. An actively managed ETF is subject to management risk because it is an actively managed portfolio. In managing such a Fund's investment portfolio, the portfolio managers, management teams, advisor or sub-advisor, will apply investment techniques and risk analyses that may not have the desired result. A Fund that is concentrated in securities of companies in a certain sector or industry involves additional risks, including limited diversification. An investment in a Fund concentrated in a single country or region may be subject to greater risks of adverse events and may experience greater volatility than a Fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Certain Funds may invest in small-capitalization and mid-capitalization companies. Such companies may experience greater price volatility than larger, more established companies. An investment in a Fund containing securities of non-U.S. issuers is subject to additional risks, including currency fluctuations, political risks, withholding, the lack of adequate financial information, and exchange control restrictions impacting non-U.S. issuers. These risks may be heightened for securities of companies located in, or with significant operations in, emerging market countries. A Fund may invest in depositary receipts which may be less liquid than the underlying shares in their primary trading market. Investments in sovereign bonds involve special risks because the governmental authority that controls the repayment of the debt may be unwilling or unable to repay the principal and/or interest when due. In times of economic uncertainty, the prices of these securities may be more volatile than those of corporate debt obligations or of other government debt obligations. A Fund that invests in the European region is subject to certain risks because member states in the European Union no longer control their own monetary policies, money supply and official interest rates for the Euro. Rather, such control is exercised by the European Central Bank. Certain securities held by certain of the Funds are subject to credit risk, call risk, income risk, interest rate risk, prepayment risk, and zero coupon risk. Credit risk is the risk that an issuer of a security will be unable or unwilling to make dividend, interest and/or principal payments when due and that the value of a security may decline as a result. Credit risk is heightened for floating-rate loans and high-yield securities. Call risk is the risk that if an issuer calls higher-yielding debt instruments held by a Fund, performance could be adversely impacted. Income risk is the risk that income from a Fund's fixed-income investments could decline during periods of falling interest rates. Interest rate risk is the risk that the value of the fixed-income securities in a Fund will decline because of rising market interest rates. Prepayment risk is the risk that during periods of falling interest rates, an issuer may exercise its right to pay principal on an obligation earlier than expected. This may result in a decline in a Fund's income. Zero coupon risk is the risk that zero coupon bonds may be highly volatile as interest rates rise or fall. Senior floating-rate loans are usually rated below investment grade but may also be unrated. As a result, the risks associated with these loans are similar to the risks of high-yield fixed income instruments. High-yield securities, or "junk" bonds, are subject to greater market fluctuations and risk of loss than securities with higher ratings, and therefore, may be highly speculative. These securities are issued by companies that may have limited operating history, narrowly focused operations, and/or other impediments to the timely payment of periodic interest and principal at maturity. The market for high-yield securities is smaller and less liquid than that for investment grade securities. Income from municipal bonds held by a Fund could be declared taxable because of, among other things, unfavorable changes in tax laws, adverse interpretations by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities, or noncompliant conduct of a bond issuer. Income from municipal bonds held by a Fund may be subject to the federal alternative minimum income tax. Convertible securities have characteristics of both equity and debt securities and, as a result, are exposed to certain additional risks. The values of certain synthetic convertible securities will respond differently to market fluctuations than a traditional convertible security because such synthetic convertibles are composed of two or more separate securities or instruments, each with its own market value. A Fund is subject to the credit risk associated with the counterparty creating the synthetic convertible instrument. Synthetic convertible securities may also be subject to the risks associated with derivatives. Exchange-traded notes ("ETNs") are senior, unsecured, unsubordinated debt securities whose returns are linked to the performance of a particular market benchmark or strategy minus applicable fees. The value of an ETN may be influenced by various factors. Real estate investment trusts ("REITs") and real estate operating companies ("REOCs") are subject to certain risks, including changes in the real estate market, vacancy rates and competition, volatile interest rates and economic recession. Master limited partnerships ("MLPs") are subject to certain risks, including price and supply fluctuations caused by international politics, energy conservation, taxes, price controls, and other regulatory policies of various governments. In addition, there is the risk that an MLP could be taxed as a corporation, resulting in decreased returns from such MLP. The use of futures, options, and other derivatives can lead to losses because of adverse movements in the price or value of the underlying asset, index or rate, which may be magnified by certain features of the derivatives. These risks are heightened when a Fund's portfolio managers use derivatives to enhance a Fund's return or as a substitute for a position or security, rather than solely to hedge (or offset) the risk of a position or security held by a Fund. The stocks of companies that have recently conducted an initial public offering have exhibited above-average price appreciation in connection with the initial public offering prior to inclusion in a Fund, which may not continue, and these investments may be subject to additional risks, price volatility and speculative trading. A Fund may effect a portion of creations and redemptions for cash, rather than in-kind securities. As a result, an investment in a Fund may be less tax-efficient than an investment in an exchange-traded fund that effects its creations and redemptions for in-kind securities. Commodity futures contracts traded on non-U.S. exchanges or with non-U.S. counterparties present risks because they may not be subject to the same degree of regulation as their U.S. counterparts. A Fund's investment in repurchase agreements may be subject to market and credit risk with respect to the collateral securing the repurchase agreements. Alternative investments may employ complex strategies, have unique investment and risk characteristics and may not be suitable for all investors. Certain Funds may invest in other investment companies, including closed-end funds ("CEFs"), ETFs and affiliated ETFs, which involves additional expenses that would not be present in a direct investment in the underlying funds. In addition, a Fund's investment performance and risks may be related to the investment and performance of the underlying funds. A Fund may invest in U.S. government obligations. U.S. Treasury obligations are backed by the "full faith and credit" of the U.S. government. Securities issued or guaranteed by federal agencies and U.S. government sponsored instrumentalities may or may not be backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Short selling creates special risks which could result in increased volatility of returns. In times of unusual or adverse market, economic, regulatory or political conditions, a Fund may not be able, fully or partially, to implement its short selling strategy. Certain Funds may invest in distressed securities, and many distressed securities are illiquid or trade in low volumes and thus may be more difficult to value. Illiquid securities involve the risk that the securities will not be able to be sold at the time desired by the Fund or at prices approximately the value at which the Fund is carrying the securities on its books. Because the shares of CEFs cannot be redeemed upon demand, shares of many CEFs will trade on exchanges at market prices rather than net asset value, which may cause the shares to trade at a price greater than the net asset value ("NAV") (premium) or less than NAV (discount). There can be no assurance that the market discount on shares of any CEF purchased by a Fund will ever decrease or that when a Fund seeks to sell shares of a CEF, it can receive the NAV for those shares. A Fund may also be exposed to higher volatility in the market due to indirect use of leverage through its investment in CEFs. CEFs may issue senior securities in an attempt to enhance returns. Certain Funds are classified as "non-diversified" and may invest a relatively high percentage of its assets in a limited number of issuers. As a result, the Fund may be more susceptible to a single adverse economic or regulatory occurrence affecting one or more of these issuers, experience increased volatility and be highly concentrated in certain issuers. Certain Funds have fewer assets than larger, more established funds, and like other relatively new funds, large inflows and outflows may impact such Funds' market exposure for limited periods of time. "AlphaDEX ® " is a registered trademark of First Trust Portfolios L.P. First Trust Portfolios L.P. has obtained a patent for the AlphaDEX ® stock selection methodology from the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Nasdaq ® , NASDAQ-100 ® , NASDAQ-100 Index ® , NASDAQ-100 Technology Sector Index SM , NASDAQ-100 Ex-Tech Sector Index SM ,NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SM , and NASDAQ OMX Global Auto Index SM , are trademarks of Nasdaq, Inc. (which with its affiliates is referred to as the "Corporations") and are licensed for use by FTA.The Funds have not been passed on by the Corporations as to its legality or suitability. The Funds are not issued, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Corporations. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTIES AND BEAR NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE FUNDS. Nasdaq ® and Clean Edge ® are the registered trademarks (the "Marks") of Nasdaq, Inc. ("Nasdaq") and Clean Edge, Inc. ("Clean Edge") respectively. Nasdaq and Clean Edge are, collectively with their affiliates, the "Corporations". The Marks are licensed for use by FTA.The Funds have not been passed on by the Corporations as to its legality or suitability. The Funds are not issued, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Corporations. The Funds should not be construed in any way as investment advice by the Corporations. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTIES AND BEAR NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE FUNDS. Nasdaq ® and NASDAQ OMX ® ABA Community Bank Index SM are trademarks of Nasdaq, Inc. and American Bankers Association, (Nasdaq and ABA, collectively with their affiliates, are referred to as the"Corporations") and are licensed for use by FTA. The Funds have not been passed on by the Corporations as to its legality or suitability. The Funds are not issued, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Corporations. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTIES AND BEAR NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE FUND. Nasdaq ® , Consumer Technology Association, Nasdaq CTA Smartphone Index SM , and Nasdaq CTA Cybersecurity Index SM are trademarks of Nasdaq, Inc. and Consumer Technology Association, (which with its affiliates is referred to as the "Corporations") and are licensed for use by FTA. The Funds have not been passed on by the Corporations as to its legality or suitability. The Funds are not issued, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Corporations. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTIES AND BEAR NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE FUNDS. Nasdaq ® , NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index SM , NASDAQ US Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index SM , NASDAQ International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index SM , NASDAQ US Rising Dividend Achievers Index SM , and Nasdaq US Small Mid Cap Rising Dividend Achievers TM Index are registered trademarks and service marks of Nasdaq, Inc. (which with its affiliates is referred to as the "Corporations") and are licensed for use by FTA. The Funds have not been passed on by the Corporations as to its legality or suitability. The Funds are not issued, endorsed, sold, or promoted by the Corporations. THE CORPORATIONS MAKE NO WARRANTIES AND BEAR NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE FUNDS. The Capital Strength Index TM is the trademark (the "Mark") of Nasdaq. The Mark is licensed for use by First Trust Portfolios L.P. The Funds have not been passed on by Nasdaq as to its legality or suitability. The Fund is not issued, endorsed, sold or promoted by Nasdaq. The Fund should not be construed in any way as investment advice by Nasdaq. NASDAQ MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND BEARS NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE FUND OR THE CAPITAL STRENGTH INDEX TM . "Value Line ® ", "Value Line ® 100 Index" and "Value Line ® Dividend Index" are trademarks or registered trademarks of Value Line, Inc. ("Value Line") in the United States and other countries and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by FTA. These products are not sponsored, endorsed, recommended, sold or promoted by Value Line and Value Line makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in products utilizing such strategy. First Trust Advisors L.P. is not affiliated with any Value Line company. Standard & Poor's ® and S&P ® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P") and have been licensed for use by FTA. The First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S&P or its affiliates, and S&P and its affiliates make no representation, warranty or condition regarding the advisability of buying, selling or holding shares of the First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund. Morningstar is a registered trademark of Morningstar, Inc. and has been licensed for use by FTA. The First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by Morningstar, Inc., nor does this company make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund. The Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index SM and Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index SM are products of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI") and have been licensed for use by First Trust. Dow Jones ® , Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index SM , and Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index SM are trademarks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"), and have been licensed to SPDJI and have been sublicensed for use for certain purposes by FTA on behalf of the Funds. First Trust's ETFs, based on Dow Jones Indexes, are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones or their respective affiliates, and none of them makes any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such products. The STOXX Europe Select Dividend 30 Index and the trademarks used in the index name are the intellectual property of STOXX Limited, Zurich, Switzerland and/or its licensors. The index is used under license from STOXX. The ETF based on the index is in no way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by STOXX and/or its licensors and neither STOXX nor its licensors shall have any liability with respect thereto. A patent with respect to the IPOX ® index methodology has been issued (U.S. Pat. No. 7,698,197). IPOX ® is a registered international trademark of IPOX ® Schuster LLC ( www.ipoxschuster.com ). The First Trust Chindia ETF, First Trust Water ETF, First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF, First Trust Cloud Computing ETF and First Trust BICK Index Fund are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the International Securities Exchange ("ISE"). ISE makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Funds or any member of the public regarding the advisability of trading in the Funds. ISE's only relationship to First Trust is the licensing of certain trademarks and trade names of ISE and of the indexes which are determined, composed and calculated by ISE without regard to First Trust or the Funds. The FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Index is calculated by FTSE International Limited ("FTSE"). FTSE does not sponsor, endorse or promote the First Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund. All copyright in the index values and constituent list vests in FTSE and/or its licensors. FTA and the First Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund has obtained full license from FTSE to use such copyright in the creation of the First Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund. "FTSE ® ", "FT-SE ® " and "Footsie ® " are trademarks jointly owned by the London Stock Exchange Plc and the Financial Times Limited and are used by FTSE under license. "NAREIT ® " is the trademark of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts and "EPRA ® " is the trademark of the European Public Real Estate Association and are used by FTSE under license. First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 ETF, First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF and First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Dorsey Wright. Dorsey Wright makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Funds or any member of the public regarding the advisability of trading in the Funds. Dorsey Wright's only relationship to First Trust is the licensing of certain trademarks and trade names of Dorsey Wright and of the index, which is determined, composed and calculated by Dorsey Wright without regard to First Trust or the Funds. First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance ® ETF and First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC ("RBA"). RBA makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Funds or any member of the public regarding the advisability of trading in the Funds. RBA's only relationship to FTA is the licensing of certain trademarks and trade names of RBA and of the indexes, which are determined, composed and calculated by RBA without regard to First Trust or the Funds. Licensor has no obligation to take the needs of First Trust or the owners of the Funds into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the indexes. Licensor is not responsible for and has not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the Funds to be listed or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Funds are to be converted into cash. Licensor has no obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Funds. First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF and First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Indxx, LLC. Indxx, LLC makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Funds or any member of the public regarding the advisability of trading in the Funds. Indxx, LLC's only relationship to First Trust is the licensing of certain trademarks and trade names of Indxx, LLC, the Indxx Global Natural Resources Income Index and the Indxx Global Agriculture Index which are determined, composed and calculated by Indxx, LLC without regard to First Trust or the Funds. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ® Equal Weight Index is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI"), and has been licensed for use by First Trust. Dow Jones ® and Dow Jones Industrial Average ® Equal Weight Index are trademarks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones") and have been licensed to SPDJI and have been sublicensed for use for certain purposes by First Trust on behalf of the Fund. The First Trust Dow 30 Equal Weight Index Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones or their respective affiliates and none of them makes any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product. Morningstar is a registered trademark of Morningstar, Inc. and has been licensed for use by FTA. The First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by Morningstar, Inc., nor does this company make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund. The information presented is not intended to constitute an investment recommendation for, or advice to, any specific person. By providing this information, First Trust is not undertaking to give advice in any fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. First Trust has no knowledge of and has not been provided any information regarding any investor. Financial advisors must determine whether particular investments are appropriate for their clients. First Trust believes the financial advisor is a fiduciary, is capable of evaluating investment risks independently and is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to its retirement plan clients.
