Orion Gets Jump on New Year's Resolution to Strengthen Marketing, Sales & Service [December 19, 2017] Orion Gets Jump on New Year's Resolution to Strengthen Marketing, Sales & Service 
Orion Advisor Services, LLC ("Orion"), the premier portfolio accounting service provider for advisors, today announced the hiring of seven seasoned professionals to build on the company's growth momentum and its commitment to deliver the best advisor service possible. 
Orion has hired Kelly Waltrich as Chief Marketing Officer, Evan Hatch as Director of Premier Services, Sean Hollingshead as Vice President of Managed Accounts, and Heidi Meyer as Strategic Consultant. Orion has also hired three Vice Presidents of Business Development charged with expanding Orion's reach in the Southcentral, Midwest, and Northwest regions . 
"Kelly, Sean, Evan, and Heidi are all industry leaders in their respective fields and bring an abundance of diverse experience to their new roles at Orion," said Eric Clarke , CEO of Orion. "Together with our expanded business development team, these new appointments will continue pushing our organization forward in our pursuit to help advisors create a more efficient and effective practice." 
Orion has seen its assets under administration grow by nearly 50% over the past year. The addition of these leaders will support Orion on this impressive growth trajectory in the immediate future and beyond. 
In her role as Chief Marketing Officer, Waltrich will bolster the already prominent brand across the financial services and technology industries, as well as with advisors and the investors they serve. She brings with her more than a decade of financial and technology marketing experience, most recently as SVP, Head of Marketing & Communications for eMoney Advisor where she served a a member of the leadership team that led the company to several consecutive years of record-breaking growth. Before that, she held the position of AVP, Director of Advisor Marketing and Communications at Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC. 
"Our ongoing commitment to customizable, integrated portfolio accounting solutions, paired with Orion's brand leadership, set the stage for growth now and in the future," said Waltrich. "I'm thrilled to have the opportunity to support this growth by amplifying Orion's brand presence and telling its compelling story to an even greater audience." 
Hollingshead joins Orion from CLS Investments, LLC, where he most recently served as Director, Investment Advisor Division. He will work closely with the Orion sales team to cross sell Orion's new product offerings, including Communities to enhance the experience of advisors already utilizing the Orion platform. 
Hatch, who joins the company from Pacific Life Insurance Company, will strengthen the relationships between the Orion Advisor Success Advocates and the financial advisors they support. He most recently served as the Director of Operations at Pacific Life, and brings with him more than 20 years of industry experience. 
Meyer joins Orion from Frontier Asset Management, where she was Director of National Accounts for nearly six years. She will focus on acquiring a greater understanding of the strategic initiatives of Orion's clients and support their efforts by coordinating with internal Orion teams to provide them training and tailored solutions. She brings with her more than 30 years of experience in the financial services industry, with 20 years of building relationships with advisors. 
Ben Frantz, Paul Wick, and Jina Horton were all recently hired as Vice Presidents of Business Development charged with expanding the company's geographical footprint. Frantz will cover the Southcentral region, Wick was added to cover the Midwest, and Horton will cover the Northwest. 
"These strategic new hires paired with new improvements across our already best-in-class platform set the stage for another exciting year dedicated to helping even more advisors enjoy their business again," said Clarke. 
About Orion 
Orion Advisor Services, LLC (Orion) is the premier portfolio accounting service provider for advisors. Our firm has unique insights into the advisory profession because it was founded for investment advisors by an investment advisor in 1999. Orion frees advisors from back-office tedium so they can enjoy their business again by devoting their time and energy to better serving clients. Orion provides the integrated and fully customizable technology solutions that advisors need to help grow their businesses over the long term. The firm's technology solutions empower more than 1,300 firms, have $550+ billion in AUA and over 2 million accounts. For more, please visit www.orionadvisor.com or follow our news and insights via our blog . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171219005325/en/
